feat: Nautobot interface sync (#78)
rackerlabs/understack: argo-workflows/nautobot-interface-sync/docs/README.md

# Overview

> The purpose of the workflow templates in this folder is to create or update device interfaces

Author: adjusted as per suggestion, good idea

> The purpose of the workflow templates in this folder is to create or update device interfaces
> in Nautobot from Redfish info that we get from a device using OBM credentials.
> 
> The sensor listens for Nautobot interface updates and triggers `get-obm-creds` to get OBM credentials, which
> is a dependency for workflows in this folder. Examples of dependencies can be found in a deps folder.
> As the next step, the sensor triggers our `synchronize-interfaces-to-nautobot` workflow, which will get the Redfish
> info from a server and will create or update device interfaces in the Nautobot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The workflow templates in this folder are designed to create or update device interfaces in Nautobot based on Redfish information retrieved from devices using OBM credentials.

The process begins when a sensor detects updates to Nautobot interfaces, prompting the get-obm-creds action to fetch the necessary OBM credentials. This step is crucial as it serves as a prerequisite for the other workflows in this folder. You can find examples of such dependencies in the `deps` folder.

Following this, the sensor initiates the `synchronize-interfaces-to-nautobot` workflow. This workflow obtains Redfish information from a server and uses it to either create new device interfaces in Nautobot or update existing ones.
```

Author: fixed

## Servers/OBMs supported

> The code is using Sushy library to get the Redfish info, but to support older Redfish versions, there are
> workarounds created in the code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code utilizes the Sushy library to obtain Redfish information. However, to accommodate older versions of Redfish, several workarounds have been implemented within the code.
```

Consider explaining what the workarounds are - I assume that you meant fetching info from the proprietary HP JSON endpoint?

Author: not too sure if explaining exactly the workarounds will help as there a quite a few
